# leetcode



### 1.字符串的逆序输出
	344.Reverse String
	Write a function that takes a string as input and returns the string reversed.
	Example:
	Given s = "hello", return "olleh".
	Subscribe to see which companies asked this question
	
<https://github.com/zszdevelop/leetcode/blob/master/leetcode/src/zsz/develop/ReverseStringSolution.java>

### 2.nim game 取石头游戏


	292.You are playing the following Nim Game with your friend: There is a heap of stones on the table, each time one of you take turns to remove 1 to 3 stones. The one who removes the last stone will be the winner. You will take the first turn to remove the stones.

	Both of you are very clever and have optimal strategies for the game. Write a function to determine whether you can win the game given the number of stones in the heap.

	For example, if there are 4 stones in the heap, then you will never win the game: no matter 1, 2, or 3 stones you remove, the last stone will always be removed by your friend.

	Hint:

	If there are 5 stones in the heap, could you figure out a way to remove the stones such that you will always be the winner?
	
	
<https://github.com/zszdevelop/leetcode/blob/master/leetcode/src/zsz/develop/NimGameSolution.java>

### 3.计算两个整数和B的和，但你不允许使用运算符+和—。

	371. Sum of Two Integers

	Calculate the sum of two integers a and b, but you are not allowed to use the operator + and -.

	Example:
	Given a = 1 and b = 2, return 3.




<https://github.com/zszdevelop/leetcode/blob/master/leetcode/src/zsz/develop/SumOfTwoIntegersSolution371.java>

### 4.给出一组数组，在线性时间内找出只出现一次的数。其他都出现两次，

	136.Single Number

	Given an array of integers, every element appears twice except for one. Find that single one.

	Note:
	Your algorithm should have a linear runtime complexity. Could you implement it without using extra memory?
	
<https://github.com/zszdevelop/leetcode/blob/master/leetcode/src/zsz/develop/SingleNumberSolution136.java>

### 5.一个非负整数，取出个位与非个位相加减。求最后加等等于个位的那个数

	258. Add Digits  QuestionEditorial Solution  My Submissions
	Difficulty: Easy
	Given a non-negative integer num, repeatedly add all its digits until the result has only one digit.

	For example:

	Given num = 38, the process is like: 3 + 8 = 11, 1 + 1 = 2. Since 2 has only one digit, return it.


<https://github.com/zszdevelop/leetcode/blob/master/leetcode/src/zsz/develop/AddDigitsSolution258.java>

### 6.一个非负整数，取出个位与非个位相加减。求最后加等等于个位的那个数

	104. Maximum Depth of Binary Tree  QuestionEditorial Solution  My Submissions
	Difficulty: Easy
	Given a binary tree, find its maximum depth.

	The maximum depth is the number of nodes along the longest path from the root node down to the farthest leaf node.

	Subscribe to see which companies asked this question

<https://github.com/zszdevelop/leetcode/blob/master/leetcode/src/zsz/develop/MaximumDepthOfBinaryTree.java>

### 7.找出多出来的数
	389. Find the Difference  
	Given two strings s and t which consist of only lowercase letters.

	String t is generated by random shuffling string s and then add one more letter at a random position.

	Find the letter that was added in t.

	Example:

	Input:
	s = "abcd"
	t = "abcde"

	Output:
	e
	
<https://github.com/zszdevelop/leetcode/blob/master/leetcode/src/zsz/develop/FindTheDifference389.java>
### 8.找出两个数组的交集

	349.Intersection of Two Arrays
	Given two arrays, write a function to compute their intersection.

	Example:
	Given nums1 = [1, 2, 2, 1], nums2 = [2, 2], return [2].

	Note:
	Each element in the result must be unique.
	The result can be in any order.
	Subscribe to see which companies asked this question
	
<https://github.com/zszdevelop/leetcode/blob/master/leetcode/src/zsz/develop/IntersectionOfTwoArrays349.java>

### 9.判断两棵树是否相同
	100. Same Tree
	Given two binary trees, write a function to check if they are equal or not.

	Two binary trees are considered equal if they are structurally identical and the nodes have the same value.
	
<https://github.com/zszdevelop/leetcode/blob/master/leetcode/src/zsz/develop/SameTree100.java>

### 10.勒索信
	Ransom Note 
	Given an  arbitrary ransom note string  and  another  string  containing  letters from all  the  magazines, write  a  function  that  will  return  true  if  the  ransom  note  can  be  constructed  from  the  magazines ;  otherwise,  it  will  return  false.   

	Each  letter  in the magazine  string  can only  be used  once in your  ransom note.

	Note:
	You may assume that both strings contain only lowercase letters.

	canConstruct("a", "b") -> false
	canConstruct("aa", "ab") -> false
	canConstruct("aa", "aab") -> true

<https://github.com/zszdevelop/leetcode/blob/master/leetcode/src/zsz/develop/RansomNote383.java>


